MP3.1
    BUG1
        description: when typing, there is no reaction on the screen 
        find takes: 20 min 
        fix takes: 15 min
        how to fix: we examine the value of master_mask, found that the value of master_mask and inb(data_port of master)
            are not the same, eventually we fixed it at the init_pic() that outb(master_mask) before enable_irq(2);

    BUG2
        description: RTC interrupt only be invoked one time.
        find takes: 20 min
        fix takes: 10 min
        how to fix: Referring to datasheet of RTC chip, IRQ pin of RTC should be cleared by reading register C when a RTC
                    interrupt is handled so that the next interrupt can be invoked.

    BUG3
        description: paging can be enabled but the page directory is not correct.
        find takes: 2 hrs
        fix takes: 20 min
        how to fix: align the page table and page directory to 4*1024 to make the first 
                    entries in them are aligned.
                    
    BUG4
	    description:multiple definition of xxxxxx function
	    find takes:30min
	    how to fix:I have two files named idt.c and idt.S, they will both generate the idt.o file, so 
		            confliction happans. I rename idt.S to idt_linkage.S


MP3.2
    BUG1
        description: read_data function could not get the correct size of the file. End position is 
                     always wrong with non-zero offset
        find takes: 10 min 
        fix takes: 5 min
        how to fix: offset/4096 and offset>>12 are not equivalent without casting 4096 to uint32_t. 
                    Using 4096u solves the problem.
    
    BUG2
        description: always get a page fault when read_data function tries to access the second data 
                     block of an inode
        find takes: 10 min 
        fix takes: 5 min
        how to fix: the data blocks of a file is not consecutive, I have to get every data block's  
                    index when I finishes reading one data block

MP3.3
    BUG1 
        description: When I go to user mode, the iret does not work properly, and it generates page fault.
        find takes: 5min
        fix takes: 20min
        how to fix: I want to push the parameters used by iret using a c funtion, however, I ignore that
                    the c funtion will also push other things like return address. So I push these parameters
                    inside the C function.

    BUG2
        description: when enter user program, like hello, the screen freeze and it dose not work as expected.
        find takes: 10 min
        fix takes: 30 min
        how to fix: I misregard system call number starts at 0. Actually, it starts at 1, so I add a 0
                    at the beginning of the handler jump table.
    
